it is a terrible thing to be vague the
more vague an allegation is the more
inextricable the gossip that ensues from
it
the more impossible it is for the person
who stands accused to ever clear their
name I would rather be accused of a
specific crime then something less
serious but that was more vague it was
with pointed vagueness that my low
innopolis who began this year over two
million US dollars in debt
it was with the utmost vagueness that he
decided to take Lauren southerners
reputation and drag it through the mud I
quote we approach four of the men she
had been linked to romantically each of
them a prominent right-wing media figure
in a position to help southern succeed
professionally all four begged not to be
named in this story period close quote
what does it mean to be linked to
someone romantically it can mean almost
anything candid it could mean that this
is someone she fell in love with that
she went and met their parents that they
proposed marriage that they were
formally arranging the wedding day that
could be linked romantically it could be
that it's someone she went out to coffee
with just once or twice in this context
could be a co-worker who she sometimes
ate lunch with or went out to Cod with
and other people at the office perceived
them as linked romantically but really
there was never were anything there it
could be someone she went out on a
dinner date with once never kissed them
never slept with him to be linked
romantically to someone and to be linked
romantically by an accuser in this case
it's it's painfully vague and what's the
span of time here the span of
in which she was so scandalously
romantically linked to four different
men it is in fact five years isn't it
the article just chooses not to disclose
that
so between like 2014 and 2019
she was linked to four different men
there are so many legitimate reasons to
criticize Lauren solar but this is not
one of them we tend to think about new
technology in terms of the services the
technology offers in terms of the
advantages in terms the way it will save
you time you might think of new
technology in terms of the type of
entertainment it brings in your life so
on and so forth people tend not to think
of technology as something that in
crates responsibilities but with new
technology in the 21st century we have
new responsibilities and we need to have
new legislation that will allow people
to challenge false allegations about
them that will allow people ultimately
one way or another to clear their names
we don't think about technology in terms
of vulnerability or fragility but the
Internet has in fact made all of us
quite a bit more vulnerable quite a bit
more fragile gossip is now an
unbelievably powerful force on planet
Earth in a way that it never was before
when I look back at history and look
forward to the future there cut to
different paths this can take we could
go back to the old pattern from the 18th
century which was that any insult any
indignity any challenge to a person's
honour or reputation could be answered
by challenging someone to a duel
that was how European society
existed for many many centuries and
certainly you know insinuations of this
kind about a person's sex life that
would have been a completely typical
reason for two men to fight each other
to the death in a duel whether by sword
or by spear or in later centuries with
you know muskets pistols and so on
dueling dueling was culturally and
legally the limit imposed on gossip in
pre-modern Europe and in fact you can
define the beginning of the modern era
as the end of the legal right to dueling
in France it really lines up perfectly
that it's exactly when the French
government puts their foot down to end
the dueling and when the aristocracy
stands up to try to defend that right
they say well in what sense are we
aristocrats if we can't fight each other
to the death with swords that was taken
very seriously by the aristocrats
the end of dueling was itself the end of
the era of aristocracy and began the era
that we all live in now the era in which
we have the precious illusion that none
of us are aristocrats that all men are
equal that's one path we the future
could look more like the past and go
back to people defending their honor
with tooth and Fang and so to speak and
the other path is gonna be legislating
some kind of mechanism so that people
all over the world most of them are not
famous like Lawrence southern most of
them don't have access to lawyers they
don't have money they don't have
resources they may not even have the
level of literacy to challenge this kind
of smear campaign so that people really
have some way to seek redress and in
most cases that's gonna have to start
with disambiguating what exactly the
allegation
are and then proving them to be false
what happened to lauren southern can
happen to you and you and you it can
happen to you and it can happen to your
daughter and your sister and your mother
it really can this is not something that
only happens to famous people it's
something that's happened to me and
slings happened to me repeatedly and it
happened to me even before I started
this YouTube channel so I'm still not
famous now but I was really nobody back
in the day when the first serious
defamation campaign against me started
on the Internet I was just a guy who had
a blog in text format but I got to see
how people who are really motivated to
try to destroy your name and drag your
reputation through the mud just how far
they can go behind a keyboard it's easy
to laugh at someone like Lauren southern
it's easy to see a story of this kind as
nothing but you know entertainment for
the masses but we the masses have to
learn to find entertainment it's
something different from and something
better than destroying one another
something better than dragging each
other down